[Monitoring LS] Recommends collecting metricsets to fully visualize metrics on dashboards. (#17479)
elastic/logstash: docs/reference/monitoring-with-metricbeat.md

        xpack.enabled: true
    ```

    Set the `hosts`, `username`, and `password` to authenticate with {{ls}}.

>     Removing `node` or `node_stats` from the `metricsets` may cause dashboards to partially visualize metrics. Therefore, we recommend retaining both metricsets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For the best experience with Stack Monitoring, we recommend collecting both `node` and `node_stats` metricsets. Turning off either of these will result in incomplete or missing visualizations.
```
